recorded the call Ferriday I can
recording out okay thank you so welcome
everyone to the ipfs hall hence meeting
on May the 28th as far as I know there's
a public holiday in the US which might
be the reason why they are not that many
people on the call all right so let's
get started the first item on the agenda
[Music]
these oh if there's any food items
please put them in so I pass on to med
to talk about the reformatting of the
All Hands call yes and this is actually
proposal from me but I've discussed with
a couple of people can someone confirm
that you guys can hear me clearly I can
hear you okay great um so this is a
proposal it's connected with this going
discussion about getting this call down
to 30 minutes and from an hour um but it
the proposal would be scheduled weeks in
advance have a set scheduled
presentations and format this call is
being primarily a presentation with some
Q&A and then announcements so it would
be basically a 15 to 20 minute
presentation a couple of minutes of
discussion and a couple of minutes of of
just announcements and then wrap it up
and that would let a schedule out like
maybe six to eight weeks out in advance
have a set schedule of who's presenting
about what each week so the people who
want to participate in that particular
discussion or participate in the Q&A for
that particular presentation can know
that they should like they can put it on
their calendar as like Michelle is gonna
be talking about UX design next week so
I want to be there um and it I think
produce higher quality discussions it
will allow us to bring in more community
members who don't necessarily need there
necessarily have a reason to be on like
a like st. call every week but they
would but they are certainly part of the
community and there
valuable work and so it would also spur
a broader range of discussions um but it
would also let us do things like
schedule the moderators in advance - so
you'd know you're gonna be moderating
like three weeks from now or something
so that's my proposal there's a github
issue there for discussion and I wonder
if anyone has has ideas or thoughts on
that that you want to discuss verbally
now rather than engagement issue it's
not showing the whole set of people all
right I don't see any hands okay great
we quite moved in this then I move on to
the next agenda well I think that is a
really cool idea I really like that
proposal map I think like we should try
it like for maybe a couple of weeks
before fully committing the only thing
I'm concerned is that because then every
week becomes a super focused topic
eventually people like if not notified
carefully and I think you're also
working on it by creating and mailing
lists like if people are not notified
then people just default to not show up
if the topic is not interesting for them
a lot of people come to this college
leave for the IPAs Furcal and so if we
start diving deeper in other subjects
they might prefer to find other venues
and not that keep s1 eye diseases like
concerning my dog have no foundations at
all but something that we should test
for before flowing changing it I also I
would give the counterpoint oh we have
not had like a deep dive discussion
about fear story we have not had really
deep dive discussions about web browser
compatibility like things that are very
relevant idea this the people are doing
a lot of work on then aren't they in
depth discussion because we're not just
scheduling and say hey you prepared to
discuss this and
you want to be part of that discussion
show up on this week so I think it's
potentially could actually improve the
relevance of these calls for people who
are wanting to show up
talk about idea Festa but we have to
test to see how's it thank you one one
trick is I'm on vacation for the next
two weeks so here I am proposing a
change that I wouldn't be around to like
try implementing it for a couple weeks
but we could
so what's action will here do you just
want feedback on that issue that you
post around this or that if you like it
give it a thumbs up on github if you
have thoughts comment on github that's
all
all right thank you and I was taking a
bit of the notes as you were talking so
if I take it over for a bit
so no it's alright so the next item on
the agenda is that the lifestream works
again yeah I saw it when the recording
started so yeah so I have enabled this
feature a while ago but like for some
reason it will never appear here on this
job but now it seems maybe like zoom
just refreshed all of their like
sessions and so we got the live
streaming feature everyone is the host
should be probably capable of starting
to ice cream like if we click more like
on the three dots there should be a wife
on customer ice cream service and if we
click that zoom will put a red thing at
the top that says life on custom live
stream service and it opens well first
to go when do I pay change like it's
studying it up and then it starts
no I'm hearing myself wait and then like
basically gives us the the youtube link
where the web stream is being
broadcasted on it makes it super simple
to do the recording the live stream
again which is something that we did in
the past and we stopped because the
compass set up with super complex I'm
going to start stop the questioning
right now because we really haven't
planned to I've stream this specific bug
but I wanted to let everyone know
because now we have this and we can
bring it back if this is you so and
perhaps attach to match proposal all
having actual sessions like deep dives
on ipfs topics or related this might be
even more available alright thank you
yeah so I would have a question so is is
if you do the screaming will then it it
automatically uploaded afterwards yes so
you don't need the recording anymore
yeah exactly
until YouTube live stream so it sounded
like a good thing that's cool yeah so
YouTube live streaming service as like a
kind of like you have to understand the
beast like if you live stream stop and
start something start it will kind of
like glue the thing together but if you
live stream like over the span of my
multiple days it will slice it up and
like make separate videos so you can
always use the really nice URL which is
no echoes it but it's like kind of like
a PEZ - new web slash live on YouTube
and like you can point people to that
and and when they go to youtube channel
they will see a new video every week
that comes from that web strength cool
and is the URL of the live stream always
the same so basically end point people
can just bookmark it and they can just
join exactly yeah it's super useful yeah
so after years trying to get the live
stream for it
so many people have tried issues finally
got it back we can stream bytes to
people and they can see our faces
quietly
[Laughter]
so we'll be next week so we all do that
the first or the bringing back to
watching indeed is no all right cool
so are there any further questions or
comments on this topic I don't see any
hands so the next agenda item is the
tale of a developer meetings update from
MIT okay this is more just an
announcement so the deadline for
applying to it purchase it in the
developer meetings is today if you don't
fill the form by today then we just
can't promise that we'll have time to
review your application in time to
accept or decline and so make sure to
fill out that form I one thing that I've
heard that he said is part of what we
have stated to fill out the forms
because it's said I people who attend
this meeting will leave with more
responsibilities than they have when
they arrived so I'm gonna also declare
that if you're someone who currently has
a ton of responsibilities in ipfs land
actually possible that you will leave
with less responsibilities it's it's
more the point of these meetings is that
it's people who are very actively
engaged and they're committed to be
following through I'm doing further work
and so a lot of you are over committed
right now we're not gonna give you even
more who all some of you I can't fully
promise that you won't end up with more
responsibilities but yeah so go ahead
and and fill out the application if you
want to come I don't assume that we know
that you want to come right so even if
you are someone who it's like oh it's
obvious that I need to be at those
meetings and we need you to fill out
this form so that we can know that
you're planning to come so that we know
whether you need financial assistance to
hear all of those things
so please fill it out the link is is on
the blog and I have to I'm talking right
now so I don't have it but if someone
could paste it in the in the notes it's
also posted in the most recent issue and
ipfs slash ipfs there's a link to the
blog post and that forms so so that's
the stuff about signing up and then we
will soon be inviting people to propose
sessions for the event and so that's
where we're probably going to just have
people propose sessions in github in the
ipfs slash prints repo we'll just set up
a template on the issue so that when you
create a new issue that repo it'll be
already a template for proposing a
session and then we'll tag them with a
label so you can filter and see all the
sessions um does anyone have any
thoughts on that particular thing if
we're wanting to propose sessions like
just putting them a github does that
sound workable to you
as someone who would be proposing a
session or voting on sessions makes it a
bit harder to track votes oh that makes
it like it fits with we already do so
much in github why incorporate a
different tool we I think I think we can
learn from other conferences like there
are being conferences that experimented
with doing call for talks through github
and like the vote system kind of works
like you can always do thumbs up some
conferences I've reported that because
you get a little bit more engagement
because then people can I see what
what's happening and so get more excited
but at some times of conferences I've
reported that then they see less
proposals because not everyone is
comfortable to you like submitted
abstract not have their first rommel
review and I just go directly to get up
and I have other people kind of like
questioning their talk and so I feel
like we we should just like understand
like how many talks we won like what are
the topics like how can we guide people
to propose the best sessions and also
can we provide a little bit of curation
before it lands on the table or not
or should we just like route everyone to
be
in any Alex we actually know very well
some of people that organize conferences
that tripod things and we can assess
them and like see what they were in from
it
so there's Authority an issue in in one
second I'm trying to pull it up in IPS
slash conference issue number 24 and
[Music]
it's yeah so issue number 24 in you have
all pushed it in the chat uh is asking
where should we have people proposed the
Divis comment section flagged for me
these are working sessions so it's not a
conference
this isn't proposing I want to give a
talk at the conference that will happen
in November for ipfs conf we will have a
call for vote for proposals that's a
very different larger scale thing this
is a pragmatic focused working meeting
among the people who are working on ipfs
and Lib p2p and where people can say I
want to have a meeting with with Mike
these people who I'm working with where
we cover XY and Z topic so I want to dig
into the wet some aspects of the web
browsers work or I want to talk about
how we're updating the documentation and
so this would be that would be more than
nature the proposals rather than I want
to get it to talk about something so I
should break that up when we put out the
call for proposals Johnny so the way we
submit abstracts beforehand but the
agenda isn't set until actually all the
participants arrive and so that way you
actually get some abstracts proposed
sessions and those people actually get a
discount on the conference rather than a
thousand dollars it's like $100 so we
can do the same motivation with the
financial assistance which is that if
there's actually people who have
submitted extracts and that that's
content worthy then they actually get
some financial assistance to actually
present their work but then actually
the conference starts then actually it's
its equity agenda for the people who are
actually are there but now it's kind of
hard because the deadline is today but
it's about yeah this we consider doing
this as the quality of your proposals
for working sessions being weighed in to
our consideration of whether you get
accepted to attend the working meetings
I think there's also again I think
there's confusion between meetings a
working meeting versus a conference we
have a big conference coming
we will probably invite people to
propose like that if you if you get a
session accepted then you probably get
some sort of discount or you're least
guarantee to attend those kinds of
things but then this one yeah yeah the
other thing as far as setting the agenda
the current plan is that of the three
days for the IPO fest meeting it will be
basically um there will be two days of
pre-scheduled stuff that will already be
scheduled before everyone arrives and
then an uncomfortable
their sessions and everybody votes and
we schedule on the flight so there's
room for the like in like hey we've had
all of these pre-planned discussions and
now we've kicked out these things we
want to work on um but it but I I want
to have everyone arrived knowing what's
gonna be covered in the first day or so
so that we can have a predictable
schedule and also a cup of life it's
also very hard to multi track meetings
about ipfs and live p2p there's so many
things overlap and so we need to know in
advance what sessions are going to be
happening so that we can try to
multitrack because it's doing that I've
now had numerous experiences trying to
like figure out parallel tracks on the
fly and it's just too hard you need like
couple days to get your head around it
and shuffle things around
yeah we'll put out that proposal the
people have suggestions of where we
should Oh figure it out I'm just going
to ask if people have ideas about where
we should post a call for proposals let
me know
all right
and any further homeless cheon's no then
let's move on to the next item is why
the move to Google dogs
I guessed we should have attended more
of the meetings but let's ask let him
ask this question I mean yeah I
definitely wasn't here the last three
and so it was a surprise for me and I
don't want to like open the bike shed
right now like I noticed after that
there is an issue describing like that
we shoulda scripts to use Google Docs
and so if there is an issue where I
cordon or a specific point where it is
decided white in Google Docs versus a
crab I'm more than happy to be and like
shut myself up for now I just since I
started talking I just want to remember
and everyone I like like we always use a
lot of tools that enable people to let's
say not using siloed services so like in
the beginning we'll use the other path
it was an open source alternative for
taking notes and then we moved fukrey
pad for privacy like we try to back Andy
because of like UX like water readings
are still using creep pad and moving to
go dogs kind of like feel that we are
forgetting those objectives that we had
in the beginning and so I just want to
make sure everyone I have to consider
that or if or if cool actually just like
so much better than everything else that
we have to move all right MIT wants to
say something yeah I mean as the person
who for the past like year has had to at
the last minute make the mark down
document it's just I definitely would
oppose switching away from Google Docs
without having a viable working
alternative load efficiently like there
are just the practical things to up the
call that were not working with grip pad
and we're not working with hackpad
and
whereas Google Docs just works and so
I'd be fine if someone won
then you are cutting out my week and it
was wasting people's time it was
everything else who you were about to
say something about what about what
people when people and then you were
cutting out I basically if someone wants
to step up and be responsible for making
sure that we actually have a free format
hackpad every week that would be one
thing and if we had a working tool that
loads efficiently and can actually work
for taking these notes every week that's
that's then it's a viable like
discussion but until we have to like
have these meetings flow effectively
there's also the observation of
switching to Google Docs people engage
people participate in making the notes
better they are more there's more people
adding things to the agenda on the fly
so it's oh there's a something about the
u.s. Google Docs that is working where
the UX of crib pad and hackpad were not
working so we wished
that's a something about the user
experience that needs to be addressed
about the tools that we were using that
are distributed in nature and then
there's also about like just at this
setup of getting these calls rolling
having a template applied having
something having a stable link that
people can go to there was a lot that
was non-working about the configuration
we had before so I'm open to going down
the things that are not using a
centralized platform but we need to
address the stuff that was not working
first right Victoria there is only two
issue that was created in the PM circle
about Google Docs versus iPad versus
script and all those stuff so I I don't
think it's right but people were the
tool for creating the notes was not
working and people tried to resolve it
with the easiest way they could find it
so we can continue with the call I'm I
may be sprint helper both work with
Krypton and there was error which
stopped me from from further deploying
after the first one and then when I was
gonna deploy it again I saw that we were
now using over dogs so I've kind of hold
off to create to deploy it again until
we are sure that we actually want to go
with crippled because there was other
points as matt said that it was easier
for people to collaborate and
was slower to load so in the end I think
if we can resolve which platform to work
we should try to make about fits with
that again
correct um I have a comment that what so
last week I was taking the notes and
getting the notes from Google dogs into
mic down for kid hub because we archive
the the meeting you know some github
it's pretty painful like but yeah so
super meet it would taken less time to
set up a heck pad rather then afterwards
converting the Google dogs into my town
um just saying it yeah but I think we
should probably add discuss it on an
issue and just see it goes like I think
so I also one more comment and would it
make sense to because what we do for the
JSDF meetups is we have just a single
issue which we always post comments on
where the meetings are where the heck
that is
and assuming because this way you could
write a script that especially scraping
the issues and you have a permanent link
to the heck pad because it just takes
the the heck head of the latest comment
but if you always create new issues
you can't automate it because you don't
know what the issue will end up with so
just by anyway it gets too technical I
guess we should discuss it on the issue
but I guess I want to say I'm happy to
help out to get this working on it and
Oh Pat again all right so any further
comments on this topic
No so oh that's all so it's now the last
chance you have an engine item raise
your hand or put it in the gulags demos
demo section oh they say oh it's going
down yeah okay sorry yeah yeah so
there's a so they ask them oh so we've
done with the agenda this demos now so I
hand over to yo go for the files
exchange example
let me share my screen very thick the
first time I'm doing this for those of
you who can read you can hear you up we
hear some noise in the background but
it's sorry office nice I can't control
this well it's perfect so for those of
you who's been on the Lisbon hack week
this is nothing new so feel free to live
let me check you guys can see my screen
right yeah okay so this is an example an
existing example but I supercharged it's
using both self and now it's it works
like mini Dropbox using ipfs on its
foundation so for example I already had
my application running I can just go to
a workspace for example hey whatever now
this is the mini application you have
Arnaud IV our addresses here we have our
connected peers you can put a multi
address here and connects to it if it
doesn't show on the list you can add for
example a file through a go ipfx node
and paste the multi a share and fetch
and it will be headed here in the in the
file stable you can too just like me
open another tablet as you can see there
to text the same they are the two of
them on the hey-hey workspace so every
file you upload to one of these files
gets synced to the other
for example this red line I'm a bending
here and through pops up it will be see
hopefully here sometimes it's a bit slow
right there sometimes it's lower than
right maybe
to sink inside the Pierce for example if
I put a larger file you can see the
progress uploading to ipfs it's here
this is a it's not a big file but it's a
bit slow sinking here but it will be
sink you can to open a new tab in the
same workspace and all the files that
were uploaded will be synchronized to
but I'm not going to
it's I'm put for between 15 seconds so
it said it slow then from 15 in 15
seconds
every note since the file is so to every
other notes so they can synchronize them
as you can see I've uploaded this but he
still hasn't been synchronized is it not
it's a larger file talk synchronize
right now so that's basically it any
question any questions no questions all
right could we could we get a link to
where can you post in the notes a link
to where people can play with yeah sure
pieces will be Caesar no party I I'm
just waiting for it to get much I think
it's on the right track but I'll put in
links the person I don't know there's
three questions I think okay I think
it's very hard steamy tree enemy I'm
sorry I was just studying the order
I think it's megahertz so Michelle and
then Dimitri and me just a quick
question on what you're looking for it's
business questions for me yeah I don't
know it's just general feedback maybe
about the front end do I this I tried to
searching hit haven't found an IPF sui
kid with some components I try to to
follow those rules
I don't know if that's if that's
something right in stone or not
I just took inspiration from that and
have in mind that this is just an
example if not to be the most beautiful
thing all over the world so yeah so if I
may on Michelle's question one of the
goals of this example it's a tutorial
it's like the code is very much or like
you can see these paints are like its
own little apps and the reason behind
that is because we have an older example
which was kind of like clunky and I'm
very organized but even even though it
was clunky a lot of people like started
using it to hack on IP offense my deal
there on demos like if you search for
ipfs on youtube you'll find demos from
other people that use our example as the
base so I think something that's very
Aqaba like a very simple and like it
works and it does like pub/sub things
and like files things and like
connection things it's very useful for
the community okay Dmitry yeah
I'm not sure if it's gonna feed into
this tutorial format but I had the
suggestion of having a sort of indicator
of how many files are being st. between
the two tabs just the same good thing
that with just a visual indicator of how
many files there are but since this is
an example and we don't want to
complicate it that might be out of scope
yeah I have to see how I'm gonna fit
that because the exchange is made 15
from 15 seconds so it's not gonna be
like in real time you know what I can
work on that yeah
all right any further comments or
question Matt raised his hand oh okay
mitt yeah you could be any thought to
showing people how you might do
versioning here of like just building a
very very simple versioning treatment
versioning history that just has a
pointer to the version history and the
hashes of each version for the files
yes so when I upload if I upload a new
file or I guess you just you're not
having any sense of updating a file once
it's been uploaded not really for
example I've uploaded you can see you
can still see my screen right yep yeah
if I upload please read me if I try to
upload it again you just say the file is
already in the current workspace so if
you want you upload that again because
it's already there Oh what if you modify
it and add it is it going by well if I
defend if I modify it it's gonna be a
new file because I'm just looking if the
dash is already in my I have an array
with all the files I have uploaded and
if the ash matches any of those it won't
be uploaded again so if you change the
content it will be uploaded because it
will be a different file okay then I
basically am suggesting that would be
really very very valuable and important
to have a tutorial that shows people how
to how you could do versioning in a
simple straightforward way because as
soon as you've been sharing files people
are gonna want it yeah I agree with that
I just don't think that the use case for
this tutorial in specific yeah keep it
simple make sense great thanks
all right any further question this
David was recently same I was just going
to say I think what Matt is describing
is the perfect use case of this tutorial
as in I grab this tutorial and add that
right
so if Matt if you have the time to
outline like what would you like to see
in a versioning example and I created an
issue on the Jessup events people or
even ipfs notes then one of us or
someone order in the community can grab
this example and apply that vision and I
create something new that's and creates
a value that you are describing go on
potentially becomes like in a dance
tutorial like this yep - okay
all right I need further questions okay
because every time I look in the chat
room I hate the hands are raised and the
other way around okay
all right then there's another demo from
who go about eight year
hi guys so let me just stop screen
sharing okay you guys can see me my
screen right yes okay so basically this
is them
this one a quick about some improvements
I did on age here basically focus on
browser builds so this is this includes
like improvements in bubble web back and
also karma and all the browser running
so when I wanted to do was basically
make the karma tests more efficient so
with all these improvements now I'm able
to do stuff like I'm going demonstrate
now the basic example is ways with just
running it like you need like you can do
it right now and that is experimental
file basically translates to enable
experimental karma and you can just run
the text like normal
it's wait a little bit
so one new thing it's that it's running
on Chrome Atlas which makes all the boys
wrapping a little bit faster and one
other thing that it's actually really
well well it's that now you have all the
source Maps correctly on errors so if
you click you will jump directly to the
to the error in the wine you won't want
you to be and that really will improve
the workflow on people that are working
on browser
stuff one other one other cool thing
that we can do right now it's now we can
redirect stuff to the original CLI so if
for instance I want to let me just do
the error if I want to tell karma that I
want to test from headless and Firefox
Atlas I can
simply it's not article in easier and
you can with the right stuff directly to
the original C light so you can see it's
running on both and also if you want to
something less verbose you can just say
purchase progress and change the console
reporter and it's a little bit less
verbose also the watch command works
also very good right now so I think this
might help someone rather than at least
for me it will be really helpful because
all my cards are also related so that's
it alright we have a question from the
wheat sweet stuff it's going to be super
helpful for all the debugging and
especially given a previously plugging
away solving all the way even you are
now using Chrome headless which is great
or Firefox it was does it make easier to
add tests that we say oh I want to spawn
three browser notes right because before
we were kind of limited by karma and
like we would all run tests in one
browser node but now it seems from your
demo I like things might get easier
towards the direction is that correct
like if I want to make an interesting
topology like three browsers for example
and I connect them in a specific way can
I can I create tests that no this is for
unit testing hmm what you want is more
kind of integration integration test and
actually as I'm starting to very get
more and more Amano I hope yours sorry
you think that I'm going to be in some
kind of some kind of
that that kind of testing that you're
talking about but it will be another
different completely different to this
just bundles everything together and
runs it's in one browser it can go
concurrently into browsers like Chrome
Firefox edge or actually Safari doesn't
really work at all but the other
browsers work but it's just
got it sounds good thank you okay
Demetri has a question
yeah I'm not sure if it's if I profess
dzt I would be the right place about it
I think it might be and certainly use I
mean that's in part how we use it right
now but it is a tool used outside of
testing so it might not be the place but
sometimes you look concerned consider
but it would be great to have that
functionality Thanksgiving bringing up
or I'll definitely look into integrating
some something like that
okay so I don't see any further
questions they are no for the demos I
don't see any further agenda items and
for the Q&A I also don't see anything so
announced the last chance to raise your
hand on the chat room or on the webcam I
don't see any of those so I lost the
today's meeting and say goodbye to
everyone and see you next week yeah all
right thank you